*How do you evaluate recommenders in the real world? For example like the Google Playstore, do you go deeper than CTR?

Newspaper vs personalized, newspaper is human-driven (a person makes the decisions)

Optimize watchtime but filter out porn

Floor-ceiling approach is that no model should take the CTR of a page below a certain number. By considering whole page CTR, we can better optimize the whole. 

*How do you incorporate ethics in the systems you've worked on? 

Explore-exploit at MasterClass: long-term means exploring more. MasterClass uses quality grep (# ppl, 15 min, # categories)

*Numbers may tell one thing, like quality grep, but do you also interview people on how they feel?

(Konstan Question) Direct measure of long-term success versus proxy measure. Google Ads is very easy to measure CTR. More ads always means more CTR, so how do you really measure? They measured query volume: less searches probably means less satisfaction. 
MasterClass picks a guinea pig country to try out on
Come up with a proxy metric that is correlated with the real metric you can't measure. At Masterclass they look for things that will increase renewal rate. 
Google Play: predicting how much a download will earn is hard, especially with in-app purchases that might come many years later. 

(Konstan Question) 

"Users want chocolate, but you want them to eat broccoli", you get many shots to show the user something they might click on. Real-estate allocation model, allocate a certain amount of space for JUST what they want, and another space nearby for just things that cover breadth. 
YouTube optimizes for watchtime - more ads
MasterClass optimizes for resubscription

*With such a limited number of classes available, have you ever considered recommending snippets or clips of a class that are determined to be good for a user?
Classes are divided into lessons which are divided into moments, so they are thinking about new compositions of the homepage that consist of different lengths of content

Google Play would look out for searches on apps that don't yet exist

"Surveys are better for 'why' questions, if you have a 'what' question, it's often more engaging and the same data to just watch the user"